TCCON Data License

1. Downloading and/or using the Data will indicate your acceptance to enter
into this license agreement.

2. This license grants you a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive and
non-assignable license to use the Data subject to the terms and restrictions
set forth herein.

3. You have the right to modify and improve on the Data and said modification
or improvement will be proprietary to you. In consideration of the royalty-free
and collaborative nature of this license agreement, however, you agree to keep
the authors informed of the modification and improvement to the Data and hereby
grant to TCCON a non-exclusive, unconditional, irrevocable, perpetual and
royalty-free right and license to use your modifications or improvements with
proper acknowledgement to you as the source.

4. All other rights, including redistribution, display, and publishing
adaptations are reserved.

5. At a minimum of 10 weeks prior to publication or presentation of works that
include TCCON data, you must contact the individuals listed on the DOI landing
page via email and provide a description of the intended publication or
presentation. If the TCCON partner makes a significant intellectual
contribution to the research, or TCCON data from a site is essential to the
work, coâˆ’authorship would normally be expected. This should be discussed at an
early stage in the work. If the individuals do not respond after 3 emails
distributed over the 10 week period, the data are licensed under a cc-by 4.0
license.

6. All Data are assigned a digital object identifier (DOI). Use of these data
to support a published work must include a citation that includes the data DOI.
Use the standard citation format below, unless a different format is required
for publication:

